okay I think we are
live
hi well this was
unexpectedly
successful I kind of just threw this on
uh on xent bunch of people tuned in so I
figur let's do something fun
today so
David Haw just
posted I think I don't know if this is
his environment I think this is somebody
else's this uh vectorized rocket Landing
Sim yeah this is somebody else's
right pretty
interesting um but this end is very very
old python
3.5 7 years ago so I think what we're
going to do today is we're going to
modernize this thing we're going to
insta solve it with puffer and we're
going to put it on the
website with a live
demo if I am productive with this and I
don't get stuck on anything I think we
can do all of this
today uh I started briefly on this
before so let me pull that code
up and we'll just do some live
Dev
uh
yeah the fork of this
is right
here you're free to grab this if you
want help me debug it or
whatever I don't know if we have our
machines up is the one thing I do need
to check at some point today whether we
have our uh our machines back up for
running the experiments
cool
so and I we're just going to treat this
as uh like a redo of the project so
we'll give credits to the original
Creator but we're going to have to
change a
ton I think this would
help I think this would help people try
out did it might have eaten one of your
messages because I what would help
people try out and contribute
I think YouTube ate one of your messages
welcome welcome regardless
though okay uh there's a lot of stuff in
here
this is just our
binding I added some wrappers to
start uh and the main thing I think
that's going to eat up most of our time
here is this file which has the whole
simulation in
it it is kind of vectorized
already but it's using a bunch of old
libraries and old things it's using a
bunch of old
things I'm going to try to replace the
old render with rib real quick so we can
actually run this and see what's going
on with
it refresh
just be like
this right so here is the Lander we have
to figure out how to draw this thing
using uh
not this like super old library that
they have we're going to use
RB there should be like a draw poly
hly
lines is there not like a
fill function for
this
uh
raw poly
there's like
a none of them let you color
fill how' Robo tank turn out um I mean
we're still we have like a basic
prototype of
it um we just need to like there's just
a lot of code you know I have tons of
environments to work on as well as the
puffer core infro
I'm trying to figure out here does this
actually need to be a polygon or can we
just
do this is like a really
simple rocket
right like why do they even need a
polygon for this isn't this just a
rectangle
I can just do draw a line everywhere for
now
oh wait draw a line strap
right
points draw line
strip Point count
we're going to have to like do a bunch
of refactor on this I'm
sure and
then they've got two colors
apparently
clouds we're not going to have clouds
for
now particles
common all the unnecessary
stuff this barge is erect okay so they
just they're just treating everything as
um they're just treating like everything
here as a uh as like a polygon I think
literally the easiest thing is going to
be to like just figure out what polygons
they actually want to draw and do that
he do any
[Music]
they have some weird constants file
they have a lot of constants in the
constants
file
oops
envirment could not need map plot
this just super old
code box 2D is still um nicely
maintained though so I don't think we
need to redo the
physics space from D type
okay I think this actually did
make the
environment we just have to change this
to
be may as well make a make it a a puffer
native M to start with since I think it
is already vectorized
right me see I think it is literally
already vectorized
let me see if I can tell is it
vectorized there was something that said
Vector M
here yeah you can see right here it's
already vectorized for us so we'll do uh
we'll keep this
in Python for now as Veen and then we
will consider depending how long it
takes me I will consider porting this to
c later
today port puer
okay and now we have stuff to
implement so for puffer
API few stuff few things that we need
to
Define we need to
do or gymnasium as gy
modernize
that I don't know why these constants
still show up in yellow
action
space this actually doesn't give us the
bounds on
stuff I think we Define
single observation space as well with
the puffer
version these bounds are very bad as
well this doesn't actually tell us
F FS PSI we don't know
the the actual spaces on
these nozzle angle
limit better than motor
speed 15 * degrees to radians
so I think these are continuous
spaces I'm pretty
sure I can't tell
exactly maybe there's some
docks super old en
ah here we
go 0 to one
wait now this is
example okay so they actually they do
give us here
and then this
is
zero1 negative
nozzle angle limit and then it goes to
one one and nozzle
limit oops
low equals
this I equals
this and then I need
shape which is going to
be three
what what do I have wrong
here are these just not named
yeah it's okay whatever we'll just do
this
environment yeah we don't have a reset
can just be defined as reset like
this this should be single action
space and then it's going to be very
nice here
because we actually get to get rid of
this and this and this because we're
making it a native M now just return
this
n do you plan on making an intro to RL
in both Python and C for beginners it
would be very interesting so I don't
do educational material as like my main
thing uh my focus is on pushing the
bounds of RL and it just so happens that
the way that I do stuff ends up being
educational and beginner friendly but
um I'll tell you what I am doing for
users which is going to be very helpful
for new people is I'm making it very
very easy to implement new environments
hprof environments you start in Python
push them to scon push them to C so
puffer really tries very hard to make it
easy for you no matter at what level
you're coming in so like right now this
is a complicated en I've never seen
before it's got a bunch of physics and
dependencies and old code uh that's in
Python so I'm porting it to puffer's
Native python API to get it working and
get it high per for Python and then
after that um I'm going to consider
pushing it into scon or to C and puffer
is going to make that very easy as for
like tutorial IED type material I stream
this type of work most days of the
week there will also be updated
documentation at least tutorial
documentation not like video educational
content but there will be tutorial
documentation on this uh in the next
version for sure I've had multiple
people asking for better
docs you're also free to just ask stuff
on here right live user support best in
the B best RL user support out there you
literally can just ask stuff on stream
all day
what's the plan for
today we're going to land Elon musk's
rocket this is
uh old rocket Landing
environment um and we are going to
revamp this thing so that it's actually
usable in modern era code and we're
going to get this thing we're going to
see how hard this is I'm hoping we can
have it on puffer
GG trained and playable by the end of
the day we'll see if that ends up being
too
ambitious no attribute to Observation
space
rocket Lander has no attribute ah I just
forgot to
do super
so this is a new thing with the puffer
API has to have a
buffer and it sets up observations
actions and stuff for you
uh unexpected keyword
AR just not
save now my
agents
on where am I
this doesn't give us the number of
environments being made does
it is it a constant in
here length of
State how do we tell how many
environments there are
it's weird cuz parts of this look
vectorized and parts of it don't look
vectorized
Gotta Love old
code a seven-year-old project this
thing's got to it would have had its PhD
by now it did started
I'm going to set num agents to one for
now cuz I can't tell what what this is
doing
it's actually running to the end of
reset that's good news
we just have API Shenanigans to
fix this is on super old version of gy
and now we also have our puffer
end
step oh I get it I think that they were
using maybe they were relying on gy to
vectorize it or
something that's probably it
that's fine though step with
[Music]
action
same what's wrong with this
interesting it gives you an action
that's not valid
oh it's just uh it's like
vectorized so there's like some
vectorization stuff in here but not uh
all of it this actually does run to the
bottom okay self dot observations
rewards then we just
return self
dot this is terminals
[Music]
and then
infos no attribute
observations really should have
something did it not get initialized yet
it should have gotten assigned right
here just make sure of this
step is being called before
net return rocket
Lander oh it
calls yeah this is not correct my guy
this is
not there we
go lots of old API
Jank that's all right it's hard to
follow uh some of this stuff because a
lot of this is just like historical the
way that I know gym API used to work
five years
ago this type of work you kind of have
to have historical context for but it'll
start getting much cleaner very soon
there we
go so the way that puffer works here it
defines these buffers for you uh and
these buffers make it very convenient to
have your MB fast you just do all your
stuff into those buffers and look at
that we actually already have this thing
running I have no idea what it's running
but it's running something we're
probably going to have to fix all the
rendering before we know what's going on
but it does
run not bad for 40 minutes
work literally seven-year old
project is observation the state what
are those eight numbers yeah it's got
the way that this thing was implemented
before I'll show you I mean this is a
simple environment right they just gave
you state access
I think State axis let me
see XY velocity lateral angle angular
velocity and then you get vertical
Thruster side Thruster and nozzle
angle does this thing have CVX Pi in it
wait what
what there's no way they're actually
using this
right I haven't seen that in a long
time this is awesome yeah thank you I I
think people are going to start to see
how easy RL is going to get with this
because like it's literally going to be
the case that I'm going to get the SIM
running fast I'm going to press a couple
of buttons and the environment is going
to be solved it's literally all the work
is just going into making the
environments be fast and puffer does a
lot of the heavy lifting for
you and it does so without you having a
bunch of apis that you have to
learn this is all in the dev Branch but
uh it's getting merged with the next
update I just I keep getting distracted
by fun things like this
project I'm going to put this in chat
for folks as well do go ahead and start
the repo if you haven't already helps me
out a
[Music]
ton like the two metrics that I track
are um stars on repo and then follows on
X it's going pretty
well knit window
uh
name is there a guide on how to make new
environments uh there will be a there
will be some docs on this but there's
also what you're watching right here
you're watching me do that live pretty
much uh there's the
Discord and we have tons of people
building all sorts of new environments
that have had zero prior RL experience
just like you know standard engineering
background in um discord.gg
sluff pretty easy to get
involved in the evenings um after I
finish work I'm usually like you know at
the gym or whatever and I'll just be
like inv voice on Discord uh
troubleshooting stuff with contributors
okay we have a
window nothing is drawing to said
window ah because we hit a break point
[Music]
cool this is literally a rectangle
rectangle right
oh I know why it's in this format it's
in this format for the physics engine
right okay Landing
barge we'll just do x
equals
0 zero Y is going to
be wait
0.1 5.2
are these drawn from like the
uh are these coordinates upside
down what are these
in like these coordinates don't make
sense
right polygon
scale
these are like flipped and they're also
very badly
scaled I mean I could just multiply
these by like
what
50 but you also have to
subtract uh
all
right with equals
let's do like
[Music]
this okay draw a rectangle like
this and then we do
X pu scale
I have to
do
y and then
right did he give me the bottom
coordinate I don't know whatever
we send
it what are these ground
Poes Landing
Flags I just want to get a rocket that
like moves around to start
it's funny how like
um how much stuff gets held back by not
having like good drawing
tools like literally just having rayb
made such a huge
difference and then color is going to
be red
colors.
red integers
required
really I do rectangle
wrong draw a
rectangle oh I it doesn't let you cast
cuz it's the C type findind
fine this is one of the things that's
literally easier in C is that uh c will
cast correctly for
you yeah there we go
this is also just a rectangle isn't
it I just do like a draw converted wck
function or
something and then we just won't have to
worry about it
okay
yeah we're just going to like ignore the
weird scaling we're just going to make
our own thing for this so XY towards
zero
three
viewport
color draw a line Strip This is
literally just going to be
um
orct half
color
right then this is going to
be draw
correct color is red
un type draw a
polyline okay I missed some of
these we do not know what these even do
so we're just going to do
return and we will rebuild the interface
once we have a barge and a square or a
rectangle for rocket
render
mode yeah that's
API H
human integer
required what's
this oh this is literally particles
huh well that's
not as definitely not what we
wanted yeah that's got
awful welcome Nathan
we're going to use the iron 3 leagues
mechan League mechanics to quit out of
that before it overwhelms the CPU
should we do
dude why is it still doing it
okay cool
nothing on the
screen oh we have to do uh yeah we
didn't have it in draw mode
so we do like this and then we have to
do
begin begin drawing playar
background
and this is
[Music]
RL and then RL do end
interesting it's still not doing
anything
okay uh you can't put a break point in
here right you have to put it at the end
of the draw
frame
so let's just print out our draw cords
maybe that'll be easier
okay so now we have
our
interesting negative coordinates
some of these aren't
negative I think they're out of bounds
maybe
withth
height Z
okay so something's weird
here put break point
here so here are our coordinates
I think that it's hold on is it
literally just as simple as hords
2 this looks better
now yeah negative widths and Heights
well it's because there like there's
this weird polygon format from uh
whatever they Ed to draw this
with Okay so now we actually have
something on the screen it's janky but
you can see there's something there uh
some of these are still messed up so
possibly the order is not
consistent
yesh yeah cuz what it probably is is
they probably have like a poly gond draw
and they're just going to put him in
whatever
order um
is there no like
polyfill in
RB really
draw
textured it's weird that you can only
draw it with a
texture splines
come on how is there
no there's got to be like a
poly function
right left right well it's going to have
a rotation as
well I mean I could write the function
as well right I can easily write that
function too but like the cleaner thing
that's going to cause me less grief is
if I just have a poly draw function
I could just draw the lines for
now let's just draw the lines for
now for
okay so we
have spline
segment
um I might use that
function let me I don't actually
understand how they're doing their
points in
here draw a
poly yeah it has that but like you see
that's for that's for regular polygons
it has sides that doesn't let you do
like arbitrary line fill convex
shape X1
y1 X2
Y2 so we literally just have to do
it's
[Music]
fine draw a
line yep
okay this actually draws
now let me see if we're still drawing
anything
negative uh it doesn't actually
matter anymore
can we see the
Lander no
oh that actually
worked actually worked reasonably well
that's so
funny I use draw triangle fan for
arbitrary convex
poce okay that'll work
Nathan here
[Laughter]
Bonk that was not
bad oh that was so Jank but that
actually that actually kind of did
something that cracks me
up okay here is the full
rocket something tells me that this is
not the way a rocket would behave you
know physics wise I don't know it
there's something that doesn't look
quite right about about
that let's get it to just be a
reasonable
scale there we
go
WK so we're basically already to Mars
right what bounciness coefficient are
you using here over
9,000
apparently this is not going to train
particularly well yet um we need to go I
think now is probably a good time to
start going through the code properly
survation space
size really don't need this
right just start stripping out fat
and then we will do let's grab this
comment
get rid of this for now
try figure out what portions of this
code are doing
stuff inherited this got to
reset step through one
action and return the state
there no way to just get the
state you should not have to um
self.
State you should not have to step the
environment like
this I'm going to just return self.
state
check for
contact vectorized
nozzle strictly speaking you're out of
fuel but act
anyways minor d
details problem specific physics State
and
rewards why does he have all this stuff
as problem
specific generate
State compute Rewards
create
rocket create
barge yeah there's just a whole bunch of
Jank in here
um with this like weird physics engine
and drawing
labels here's your render
function
refresh poly draw
line move barge
interesting so they do have random like
move barge
stuff is are they actually using all
this like this is not getting used from
anywhere
oh I guess this is for model predict so
we can just start deleting stuff that's
not used for the core
m not
used yeah there's a bunch of like model
predictive control stuff
not
used
okay I'm not being dumb here right this
is a single file
implementation it doesn't have anything
else that it could
be yeah no there's nothing else I could
be using this
for this is probably being
used initial state
initial Force there's no initial state
none of this stuff gets used at
all I guess they just have it all in uh
in one place for
this gets used
right actually is move barge this is not
used at all
I feel like I'm doing the
uh un like the Mark Brothers
thing where they have uh ah this is such
an old
movie they've got this contract and
they're just like tearing out pieces of
it and like oh we don't need that we
don't need that and they just end up
tearing up the whole
thing and this does get
used well we're not going to use any of
their draw functions obviously
we commented this
stuff we're going to move
this there's absolutely no point in this
existing right
this one as well we're going to just put
this
yeah and then refresh does this get
called oh
maybe we'll keep clouds and stuff we'll
see 862
lines so we've cut it down a lot but
there's still a ton of stuff in here
like what do
we what do we actually have here that's
like
upate
parts now this does get used H we got
rid of a bunch of stuff at
least this run
oh
what I
break
probably
step no reset I broke for sure
right yeah this is has to be
self observations is state in
return where is
the hang on
previous state is
State generate state right
got to be like this right
okay we've got
our
rocket works again minus a whole bunch
of code that we didn't need
create clouds create barge
used different Mass represent different
forces
interesting concept of
options do not need this I don't think
shaping of reward is
there whoa this is crazy reward
shaping
step oh 60
FPS so I should set this to FPS
here that's probably why it it's like so
weird
looking yeah
okay it was just it was in slow motion I
mean Stills crazy rocket toppling around
like that but better
I'm trying to think where I want to go
with this if I just want to start trying
to figure out how to put this into the
main
Loop or what
I guess this would give me a good excuse
to do the thing that I've been wanting
to do for a while which is to add um fix
serial vectorization to work with
this people have been asking for that as
well
so I can actually run this at a
reasonable
speed yeah let's try that
um well it still kind of needs to be
vectorized internally
though yeah
the thing is I'm I'm just uh running
multiple copies of this thing the
implementation technically supported it
but it did it in a very weird
way I mean I could just mark this as a
uh
gymnasium and instead of a puffer native
n let me look up one thing I'm looking
let me look at like how hard thing would
be to actually port to Native C I don't
want to do it just yet
but they use box 2D which is in C isn't
it box
2D portable c17
there a lot of stuff in
here this is what I was going to have to
do in order to have um like physics Sims
in here
yeah this is going to be a bigger
project so I think that we're just going
to get this to do we're not going to put
it on the website for now but we're
going to see if we can get a rocket
landing and then we'll see from
there cuz if the thing is in order to
get this onto the website I have to Port
this all the Capi of box 2D which would
normally be fine except there's a whole
bunch of Jank code the way that this is
written um
possibly once I prune it down a little
bit more we'll be able to do that so let
me think what's going to be the easiest
way to get this thing
training at a reasonable
speed trying to think what would
be yeah I can just go start messing with
VEC I mean this is a feature that I've
needed anyways
physics
yeah I mean that's going to be an area
where we'll want to do stuff anyways but
like I don't even know how fast box 2D
is it's probably pretty fast if the
guy's writing it in
C
um that's more of a judgment on C
programming than on anything
else like C programmers than anything
else this is probably
fast let's at least get
um get
something what is wrong
with Y so serial ve
trying to remember what things need to
be different even here
I just do
cereal what happens if I just do this
actions do not
match
okay this should be compatible actually
why did this give
me actions that were not in this space
they are in this space right noga
.68 that could be the continuous Bas
code though not handling these bounds
log standard deviation
I think this gives
you1 to ones
right orang distributions
no this just gives you
normal
gaussian how do people do this in uh in
continuous action spaces hold on I need
to either clip or something
rescale okay so we're just going to have
to mess with that that's
fine we'll do it on the environment
side uh what it
what we'll do is we'll just put this to
be what we are going to have to probably
rescale right unless they clip
this appears to be
running okay so now this is training
what low thous
with what are we
running 64m
how bad python is it should be so much
faster fully bottlenecked by the
environment let's see if we can at least
get some stats out of this thing we'll
probably end up having to Port it
python is just like such a terrible
language for doing this type of
work I mean this is to be fair faster
than a lot of python M's already with
next to no optimization but really this
just needs to be it's like a thousand
times slower than it should
be e
what do we just log do we just log
reward
here may as
well oh
I think the problem is that this doesn't
show up with Native
right doesn't show up let's fix
that sign
buffers um
nice
just do this real
quick let's get us reward yep there we
go Rewards
now it's just about fixing some
bugs and doing a hyper pram sweep on
this if we
can it's too slow is the
problem wait too slow
I'm tempted to profile
it just to see if I can get the python
version to go any
faster but it looks like it's just a
bunch of really
Jank physics implemented in Python
maybe we'll just guess some prms
policy 64 environments because they're
slow Point
interval well except we don't have this
so we have to do here is
64 one
batch size can be what 4096
maybe uh 64 *
64 4 *
6 yeah that's correct duh that's
probably good enough um mini bad
[Music]
four box
three ryzen keep Atari defaults
let's
see I haven't done too much on the
continuous side though Kung says it uh
it works
so is it not resetting
was probably not resetting at all
yes it needs to handle its own resets
it's
true these need to
go under
here I would
say and
then
reset there there we go now it should be
resetting
correctly should just be a matter of
speed from here if like if this thing
ran a million steps per second we'd run
a sweep and it would be insta
solved either insta solved or unsolvable
like uh with current settings we would
know one way or the other like
immediately I want to play with this for
a little longer before I consider
whether I want to just go all the way
with this and just Port it to to see I
mean the physics Library itself is
available in
C
so it's not
crazy I could just work on cleaning up
their code a whole bunch before I do
that would make it much easier
I mean the fact that this isn't solving
instantly is not surprising at all
because it's
like slow bad hyper
prams uh you really need the speed for
puffer to be able to
instantly to solve
it why don't we try to Port this to be
let me
think reporting this to be
vectorized doesn't really
help yeah I think the only thing that
makes this reasonable is porting this to
c
native let me just scan through
here all the physics functions are
available in
C create
particles there is a bunch of
stuff that will be tricky I think the
way it's done here relying on python
data
structures state is not bad
compute
rewards let me make sure I really
have terrain coordinates
I don't know what this is I think it's a
little early to try to for this because
I don't understand what they're doing
for most of
this I think I need to do a little bit
more work on this code
first why does this get slow lower
overtime as
well the
leak
no
well we start on this then nozzle
poly are these polygons used by
create body
Dynamics yeah they so the polygons are
used by the uh the physics engine
what is
this
height
create create base static edges
does this I don't think he had this
rendered what is this like uneven
terrain or
something oh the
water I
see so yeah we need to fix some of this
for
sure cuz it's a barge okay duh
create static Edge
what stuff is in here that I haven't
rendered see
poly they have Curves in here but I
don't see where they have the curves
let's just do this
SE chunks
okay
uh so this needs a 255 on it
right
is
* 127
plus plus
0.5 it's
interesting the chunks
one
minus what is this color formula that
they have hold
on oh wait it's zero R
yeah g is just 127 * K it's fine and
then this is just going to
be I don't see how this is 255
plus
0.5 we'll see
let's see what
happens integers
required too many initializers for color
got five one three
oh that's cool
I'm going to have to actually take a
break for lunch today cuz I didn't get
to eat uh but I'm going to get I'm going
to get the basic render of this thing
done
first yeah that'll be
good Landing
Flags let's just do like
this this is red
draw a
poly
then okay we got our flags
let's see the circles that this
guy
Drew radius
Lander and
particles I I think that
matters that actually matter
think
so I see how it
[Music]
would and then what are
these oh well this
is hi
welcome let's do draw a circle here
ccle
color uh puff
scale we get started planning on making
some contributions put up a par for
connect for imponent improvements that's
great let me add the author of that
[Laughter]
let me
at oh cool and you did it on the latest
one as well it looks like
perfect greedy agent is
exactly what we
wanted let's look at
this so you got rid of this longest
connected thing
stage
move check draw condition
yeah I assume you put this at the top or
whatever uh player
some good cleanups
here check wind
con moved it to Stage
move can explore different
moves nice
see commit
move do
move have you run a speed test real
quick I'm just trying to see what you
did for the win check
I
suspect let me
say stage
move check other PR for that it was bust
wait like isn't it slow or like
what oh okay that's
fine
cool uh uh I'm going to where's this I'm
going to merge this and I'm going to
play with it now is what I'm going to
do and then we'll go back to Rocket in a
second oh yeah that's not I didn't
update that
[Music]
so we can just
do there's the new seab build
system so we should just be a build
ocean next for
local and then
better review process than at my
job yeah it's basically like I look at
it see if it looks insane and if not I
merge it and play with it unless you try
to merge stuff to like main branch or
whatever he just intentionally blocked
me there didn't
he let's see if he intentionally blocks
me he does he does intentionally block
me that's
cool he intentionally blocks me
again oh that's way better
he just never makes a losing
move not one step at
least so you actually have to yeah
that's way better
okay so
now
what we
do for
we're going to train you an agent is
what we're going to
do if I can do it on my local machine
huh that seems weird doesn't it
let's see why it does that
episode length is way too
short what did you see it's just winning
the game too
fast and the episode length is like
4.5 I probably it just hasn't compiled
correctly or
something maybe it just hasn't compiled
correctly
okay yada
yada so
[Music]
or I screwed up the
rewards uh it's
winning you play Blue don't
you it's getting uh one for
losing it's getting one for losing
let's see what you did
here why do you get one for winning or
opponent
winning right
oh
wait
what
reward isn't there a log as well yeah
there's a log
enlog score equals
player are you player zero though you're
player zero aren't
you is this backwards
I reward
okay so where do you get your
reward where do you get your reward let
me
see so commit
move this is a little weird because
explain so you both call commit
move and then you call it has Nega -1
there and
then
player this is netive -1 though you're
doing so what's going on here
like well wait you're giving it commit
move like is player supposed to be
negative
one for
negative-1 is
script
okay and that's the way it was
before
interesting log score
episode
return it's
player you're blue right let me
see yeah you are blue
why are we scoring
one when we're
losing is it not recognizing we're
losing for
what were you rendering a yeah that was
the policy I just trained while you were
watching loses but it gets score
one look you can train this here
and this goes neg from negative all the
way up to
one but then if I run it it's losing all
the games
where's
score let's just print it here
if this works this is great if we can
just get this to work this is great this
is exactly what we
want just having like a simple greedy
thing is way better than having a an
obnoxious MCTS
agent
well is this F oops
cheap views on
band.com why is it
1,24 not a
float it a float
f
Le
break it looks like it's losing
okay here we have negative
score is what we would
expect can't link to GitHub you can in
Discord what's up
here check WIC con
um I'm
confused does that break to her I don't
know I see the negative score right
here I see it losing every game let me
see
why hang on let's see if we can do
add
log aggregating
clear let's just do
we're supposed to be landing musk's
rocket but it's all right we get uh
distracted for
contributors plus it's a very weak
approximation of his rocket but it'll
run a lot
faster whatever the previous thing was
um there's a
reward oh wait we should just be getting
this
right it should just show us the reward
after a second here zero
ah it gets zero reward every
tick you see this
zero
reward for
what about this
so here's what we're going to do we're
going to run it with a random policy and
see if it gets
rewards what
okay
so you can see it's not exploiting
anything it's just not getting rewards
right playing out the full
game
WS look for common
screw-ups no I got that one right
you get off to I'm going to spend a
couple more minutes and then I got to
get food I'm
starving I didn't get a proper
breakfast and I made the mistake of
skipping a meal after running a half
marathon yesterday
a m
move what's the reset get
called let try
reward okay I I see the rewards
here so wait if I see the rewards here
are they just not getting to the
python that would be really stupid
wait why do we get reward
here we do get reward
here but we don't get reward
how did I train this
before this might be a me
buug no I did Native mode
come
on let see is it Act just going to
be
native oh H that was it okay that's good
to
know that actually saves me a bug later
for for later today as
well score is still wrong
though why is score wrong
not rewarded
score or the
logging log score
it just F native don't worry it's you
wouldn't it wouldn't even be possible
for you to have that bug it's because of
the experimental stuff I've been doing
with the
rocket um
but then there's
still so commit move
right add log
okay so here we get scores
negative-1 occasionally winning which is
very
odd um but mostly negative
one ah scores one
oh well now it looks totally
different
um it's not did it find a
bug I think it found an
exploit y I think that this thing found
an exploit in your Connect 4 thing
look at
that RL agent too smart you've been
hacked is it the early return thing
I'm trying to understand what this does
well if you break out of this Loop you
go to here and then you do the negative
Direction don't
you I didn't write this bit well I
didn't
either let me see let me see if I can
figure out what this
is so
c
r
yeah I think that's fine
let me see if I can do
it like I think you play
here and then
here he didn't block
me wait is this
correct oh he just not doesn't block
you wait what he blocked me
there he doesn't there's something weird
with the blocks
sh
for e
get this correctly
done all right
so I play
here why am I not seeing any of
this wait did I not
rebuild uh this is not getting called
background noise
Jee Blended five times over
time for some
tests I'm testing it
oh I have to rebuild my
bad I forgot I have to rebuild the this
binary
oan
uh collect
[Music]
undefined okay so
here well what's happening here this
doesn't make sense why is
this running repeatedly
they should not be running like
that oh it just puts no
Ops for
all
right
so opponent
win it sees that I have a win
here if I play like
this oh it sees it
is that all that was
happening
oh yeah I think we're just incredibly
stupid
um you see what's
happening we're just dumb the rla just
smarter
it'll go here yeah
see why didn't I think of
that yeah we're just like I didn't
realize how easy it is to beat a greedy
agent if you know it's greedy
recursive men Max the
more likely you just need to have um
endstep look
ahead still substantial improvement over
what was there
before for
interested in two
player self play yeah that's the default
it's very
easy um the the issue with it and I had
somebody else try to do this before uh
you start needing like ELO as your win
metric right cuz your progress metric is
like versus the opponent so the reason
that we wanted to have the built-in
opponent is because like is a whole
another can of worms and it's nice to
have uh it's nice to have built an
opponent so you don't have to think
about that for early experiments right
so at least you know that like versus a
fixed opponent you solve
it I had a a collaborator trying this
before and uh the conclusion was just
having a nice scripted opponent that's
fast would make it substantially easier
I got to go get some food um I'm going
to be back in a little bit and I'll
finish up rocket and answer some more
stuff if you have time or if you feel
like it and you want to do I mean you
could just extend that thing to be like
endep look ahead or whatever
right if you're interested in
that I think already by like two
steps it's already
probably uh easier